Customer center various improvements (#700)
RevenueCat/docs: docs/tools/customer-center/customer-center-integration-android.mdx

  ]}
/>

Alternatively, you can instantiate the Customer Center as an Activity:

import usageActivityKotlin from "!!raw-loader!@site/code_blocks/tools/customer-center-usage-2.kt";

<RCCodeBlock
  tabs={[
    { type: "kotlin", content: usageActivityKotlin, name: "Kotlin" },
  ]}
/>

> ### Ensuring Proper Theming for Customer Center

Author: @JayShortway does this make sense?

Reviewer: It does! Added some ideas [below](https://github.com/RevenueCat/docs/pull/700/files#r2007171571).

> To ensure that Customer Center displays correctly with the right colors, contrast, and theme consistency, it needs to be wrapped inside MaterialTheme.
> This allows it to dynamically adapt to dark and light mode while applying the correct Material Design colors to all UI elements.
> If your app already wraps its composables in MaterialTheme, no additional changes are needed.
> However, if CustomerCenter is the only composable in your hierarchy, you may need to explicitly wrap it in MaterialTheme to ensure proper theming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that Customer Center displays correctly with the right colors, contrast, and theme consistency, it needs to be wrapped in Material 3's `MaterialTheme`.
This allows it to dynamically adapt to dark and light mode while applying the correct Material Design colors to all UI elements.
If your app already uses Material 3's `MaterialTheme` with appropriate color schemes for dark and light mode, no additional changes are needed.
However, if CustomerCenter is the only composable in your hierarchy, if you're using Material 2, or if you're using another theming system, you may need to explicitly wrap it in Material 3's `MaterialTheme` to ensure proper theming.
```
